feat(components): Drawer (#204)
Talend/design-system: src/components/Drawer/docs/Drawer.stories.mdx

import Drawer from '../';

import * as Stories from '../Drawer.stories';

import tokens from '../../../tokens';

<Meta
	title="Components/Drawer"
	component={Drawer}
	decorators={[
		storyFn => (
			<div
				style={{
					display: 'flex',
					height: '40vh',
					border: `1px solid ${tokens.colors.gray[400]}`,
					overflow: 'hidden',
				}}
			>
				<div style={{ flexShrink: 0, flexBasis: '100%' }}></div>
				<div style={{ position: 'relative', flexShrink: 0, flexBasis: '40%' }}>{storyFn()}</div>
			</div>
		),
	]}
/>

# Drawer

Drawer slides into the screen from the right side and is placed visually over the content of the page.

It aims to display extra information while keeping the navigation enabled on the main content.

## Zoning

<FigmaImage
	src="https://www.figma.com/file/qc8oUSyVJM67gSsbTShftt/%F0%9F%93%90-Zoning?node-id=744%3A263"
	alt="zoning image for drawers"
/>

## Style

<FigmaIframe
	light="https://www.figma.com/file/x0RxG7E0CzVWDycXtNgq7H/Drawer?node-id=1%3A83"
	dark="https://www.figma.com/file/x0RxG7E0CzVWDycXtNgq7H/Drawer?node-id=1%3A105"
/>

### Variations

<Story story={Stories.Simple} />

## States

Drawers are either visible or hidden.

## Content

> Drawers are “optional” content living on top of primary content. They represent 1/3 of the content, prefer extra or additional information. Their content should be efficient, short and tailored for the limited layout space available.
> 
> If you need more space, use [full-page layout]().

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drawers are “optional” content living on top of primary content. Since they fill only 1/3 of the page's width, prefer extra or additional information. Avoid dense copy and complex forms. Drawer contents should be efficient, short and tailored for the limited layout space available.

If you need more space, use [full-page layout]().
```

Footer can contain

## Interaction

Close button is mandatory to hide the current Drawer.

> Heading and footer are fixed the content can display a scrollbar when content overflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Drawer Heading and Footer zones are fixed; the Content zone can display a scrollbar when its content overflows.
```
